README.md, before:

rete-chrome
==

Chrome Extension for Rete Academy

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run watch`
For development, copy all needed files into build folder. Keep in mind that the result in build folder is not the same as production build.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Added Material UI and start playing around

README.md, after:

rete-chrome
==

Chrome Extension for Rete Academy

## Getting start
1. Generate first build to test
Run `npm run build` to generate the build folder.
2. Open setting/extensions in Google Chrome.
Choose Load unpack files, browser to build folder and open.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run watch`
For development, copy all needed files into build folder. Keep in mind that the result in build folder is not the same as production build.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
